OSDOCS-6720: Adding upgrade book to MicroShift (#61936)
openshift/openshift-docs: microshift_updating/microshift-about-updates.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="microshift-about-updates"]

> =  About {product-title} updates

Reviewer: I know you're thinking about this, but is this assembly going to be specifically for information about updating, and then a separate assembly for updating? If this assembly is solely for information, I think the title works. If it's not, maybe just "Updating {product-title}" could be generic enough to encompass information about it + the procedures.

include::_attributes/attributes-microshift.adoc[]
:context: microshift-about-updates

toc::[]

You can update a {product-title} cluster by using the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).
// This PR is for the book build. Note that the OCP structure consists of a landing page of xrefs to other major sections within the book. MicroShift likely does not require that depth of structure, so starting simply with one page.

[id="microshift-about-updates-understanding-microshift-updates"]
== Understanding {product-title} updates
{product-title} updates are available as either RPMs or by embedding the {product-title} image in an RPM OSTree blueprint.
You can update an {product-title} cluster by using the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).
//Platform administrators can view new update options by looking at the output of the `oc adm upgrade` command.
//An update begins when...

[NOTE]
====
Operators previously installed must be reinstalled using manifests.
====

> === Using RPM updates

Reviewer: I wonder if these should be titled "Using" since we're not actually using them? Not sure if like "About RPM updates" would be something to consider, or some variation of that.

Reviewer 2: Yes, only procedures should use gerunds in the headings.

> === Using RPM updates

Reviewer: Do level 3s not get ids? I see some do in the docs, and some don't. I always add them but I couldn't find the rule.

Reviewer 2: All headings are supposed to get anchors.

> Using the RPM update method replaces your existing version. No rollback is possible with this update type.

Reviewer: It might be worthwhile to include the second sentence in an important admonition. Seems like it could be detrimental to a deployment: 

```suggestion
Using the RPM update method replaces your existing version.

[IMPORTANT]
====
Rolling back to the previous {product-title} version is possible with this update type. Use with caution. For users that might want to rollback their deployment version after an update, see "Using RPM OSTree updates".
====
```
Maybe not though. The third sentence might not be needed. however you want to approach this/keep as is is fine with me.

//we can call a module here or xref out; not sure the best method for our use case until we have the content

> === Using RPM OSTree updates

Reviewer: Same thoughts here.

Using the RPM OSTree update path allows for system rollback.

> //we can call a module here or xref out; not sure the best method for our use case until we have the content

Reviewer: These will be their own module since they'll likely (?) be a procedure for each one (I know you already know that, just thinking through this). That said, how I'm currently envisioning this is that this assembly is information about updating, and that you'll have a second assembly nested under "Updating clusters" for the actual procedures? In which case, it would be an xref.

[id="microshift-about-updates-checking-version-update-compatibility"]
== Checking version update compatibility
Before attempting an update, determine which version of {product-title} you have installed. Only the following update paths are supported:

* Version 4.13 to 4.14

> //replace with matrix including RHEL versions?

Reviewer: +1 to a matrix.

//place xref here to version-check assembly

[id="microshift-about-updates-update-disconnected-environment"]

> == Updating a cluster in a disconnected environment

Reviewer: This would likely be its own module too, in the other assembly specifically for update procedures? If there is such another assembly.
